Add integration partners endpoints (#4)
easybroker/easybroker_gem: README.md

# Search for only published properties
client.properties.search(search: { statuses: [:published] } )

# As a partner you can update the property integration on EB

> client.integration_partners.property_integrations.update('EB-123', body: { status: 'successful', listing_url: "https://www.yourwebsite.com/EB-XXXX01" })

Author: Added an example to use `update`

client.properties # List, search and find properties in your account
client.mls_properties # List, search and find properties in the MLS - requires MLS API Plan
client.listing_statuses # List and search the listing status for properties. Great for syncing large sets of properties. - includes MLS properties if you have the MLS Plan

> ### Require an integration partner api key.

Author: What do you think about these translations?

> ### Require an integration partner api key.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### The following require a partner api key.
```

> client.integration_partners.agencies # List and search active agencies for partner properties.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.integration_partners.agencies # List and search connected agencies.
```

> client.integration_partners.agents # Search available agents for partner properties. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
client.integration_partners.agents # View detailed agent contact information for those agents assigned to properties
```

client.integration_partners.listing_statuses # List and search the listing status for partner properties.

> client.integration_partners.properties # Search for available properties to synchronize.

Reviewer: I think this is just show
```suggestion
client.integration_partners.properties # View the full property listing and its details
```
